Issue template (#48)
SuperDARN/pydarn: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/deprecation_template.md

# DEPRECATION 

**Feature:**

**Module:**  *python_filename.py*
 
**package** */directory*

## Reason

*Why should this feature be deprecated?  Possible reasons include being outside of pyDARN's current scope or being a legacy function that is no longer used.*

## Replacement

*Would anything replace this feature?*

## Details

> *Please provide any other details about the deprecation process and the future.*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Please provide any other details about the deprecation process, such as a timeline for warning the user about the deprecation.*
```

Rewording suggestion to provide a possible clarification.  May or may not be useful.

# DEPRECATION 

**Feature:**

**Module:**  *python_filename.py*
 
**package** */directory*

## Reason

> *Why should this feature be deprecated?*
> 
> *Is it out of pyDARN's scope?*
> 
> *Legacy?*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Why should this feature be deprecated?  Possible reasons include being outside of pyDARN's current scope or being a legacy function that is no longer used.*
```
